1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[API](API_31429524.html)</span>
4.  <span>[REST API Guide](REST-API-Guide_31430286.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : Error handling </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
=========================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified on
Apr 22, 2016

Error handling in the REST API is fully based on HTTP error codes. As a
web developer, you are probably familiar with the most common ones: 401
Unauthorized, 404 Not Found or 500 Internal Server Error. The REST API
uses those, along with a few more, to allow proper error handling.

The complete list of error codes used and the conditions in which they
apply are specified in the [reference
documentation](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel/blob/master/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst){.external-link}.

General error codes {#Errorhandling-Generalerrorcodes}
-------------------

A few error codes apply to most resources (if they *are* applicable)

### 500 Internal Server Error {#Errorhandling-500InternalServerError}

<span>The server encountered an unexpected condition, usually an
exception, which prevented it from fulfilling the request: database
down, permissions or configuration error.</span>

### 501 Not Implemented {#Errorhandling-501NotImplemented}

<span>Returned when the requested method has not yet been implemented.
As of eZ Publish 5.0, most of User, User group, Content, Location and
Content Type have been implemented. Some of their methods, as well as
other features, may return a 501.</span>

### <span>404 Not Found</span> {#Errorhandling-404NotFound}

<span>Returned when the request failed because the request object was
not found. You should be familiar with this one.</span>

### <span>405 Method Not Allowed</span> {#Errorhandling-405MethodNotAllowed}

<span>Returned when the requested REST API resource doesn’t support the
HTTP verb that was used.</span>

### <span>406 Not Acceptable</span> {#Errorhandling-406NotAcceptable}

<span>Returned when an accept header sent with the requested isn’t
supported.</span>

<span>Error handling in your REST implementation</span> {#Errorhandling-ErrorhandlinginyourRESTimplementation}
-------------------------------------------------------

<span>It is up to you, in your client implementation, to handle those
codes by checking if an error code (4xx or 5xx) was returned instead of
the expected 2xx or 3xx.</span>

#### In this topic: {#Errorhandling-Inthistopic:}

-   [General error codes](#Errorhandling-Generalerrorcodes)
    -   [500 Internal Server
        Error](#Errorhandling-500InternalServerError)
    -   [501 Not Implemented](#Errorhandling-501NotImplemented)
    -   [404 Not Found](#Errorhandling-404NotFound)
    -   [405 Method Not Allowed](#Errorhandling-405MethodNotAllowed)
    -   [406 Not Acceptable](#Errorhandling-406NotAcceptable)
-   [Error handling in your REST
    implementation](#Errorhandling-ErrorhandlinginyourRESTimplementation)

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


