1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[The Complete Guide to eZ
    Platform](The-Complete-Guide-to-eZ-Platform_31429526.html)</span>
4.  <span>[Under the Hood: How eZ Platform Works](31429659.html)</span>
5.  <span>[Content Model: Content is King!](31429709.html)</span>
6.  <span>[Content items, Content Types and
    Fields](31430275.html)</span>
7.  <span>[Field Types
    reference](Field-Types-reference_31430495.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : TextLine Field Type </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
==============================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified by
<span class="editor"> André Rømcke</span> on Jan 04, 2017

This Field Type represents a simple string.

| Name       | Internal name | Expected input type |
|------------|---------------|---------------------|
| `TextLine` | `ezstring`    | `string`            |

Description {#TextLineFieldType-Description}
-----------

This Field Type makes possible to store and retrieve a single line of
unformatted text. It is capable of handling up to 255 number of
characters.

PHP API Field Type {#TextLineFieldType-PHPAPIFieldType}
------------------

### Value object {#TextLineFieldType-Valueobject}

##### Properties {#TextLineFieldType-Properties}

The Value class of this Field Type contains the following properties:

| Property | Type     | Description                                      |
|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `$text`  | `string` | This property will be used for the text content. |

##### String representation {#TextLineFieldType-Stringrepresentation}

A TextLine’s string representation is the the $text property’s value, as
a string.

##### Constructor {#TextLineFieldType-Constructor}

The constructor for this value object will initialize a new Value object
with the value provided. It accepts a string as argument and will import
it to the `text` attribute.

### Validation {#TextLineFieldType-Validation}

The input passed into this filed type is subject of validation by the
`StringLengthValidator` validator. The length of the string provided
must be between the minimum length defined in `minStringLength` and the
maximum defined in `maxStringLength`. The default value for both
properties is 0, which means that the validation is disabled by
default.  
To set the validation properties the `validateValidatorConfiguration()`
method needs to be inspected, which will receive an array with
`minStringLength` and `maxStringLength` like in the following
representation:

    Array
    (
        [minStringLength] => 1
        [maxStringLength] => 60
    )

 

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


