<div id="page">
<div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
<div id="main-header">
<div id="breadcrumb-section">
1.  [Developer](index.html)
2.  [Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)
3.  [API](API_31429524.html)
4.  [eZ Platform Public PHP API](eZ-Platform-Public-PHP-API_31429583.html)

</div>
**Developer : Public API Guide**

</div>
<div id="content" class="view">
<div class="page-metadata">
Created by Dominika Kurek, last modified by Sarah Haïm-Lubczanski on Jun 30, 2016

</div>
<div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
<div class="contentLayout2">
<div class="columnLayout two-right-sidebar"
data-layout="two-right-sidebar">
<div class="cell normal" data-type="normal">
<div class="innerCell">
The public API will give you an easy access to the eZ Platform content repository. This repository is the core component that manages content, Locations, Sections, Content Types, Users, User groups, and Roles. It also provides a new, clear interface for plugging in custom Field Types.

 
The public API is built on top of a layered architecture, including a persistence API that abstracts storage. By using the public API, you are sure that your code will be forward compatible with future releases based on enhanced, scalable and high-performance storage engines. Applications based on the public API are also fully backwards compatible by using the included storage engine based on the current kernel and database model.

**About this Guide**

The objective of this Public API Guide is to progressively lead you through useful, everyday business logic, using the API in concrete recipes: obtaining a Location from a Content item, fetching a set of Content items, creating a User, and so on.

For each recipe, newly introduced elements will be explained in detail, including the required API components (services, value objects, etc.). 

**Suggested tools**

In addition to this cookbook, we strongly recommend that you use a full featured PHP IDE, such as Eclipse or PHPStorm. It will provide you information on every piece of code you use, including objects and classes documentation. We have paid very careful attention to PHPDoc throughout this API, and such a tool is a very valuable help when using this API.

On top of this, generated public API documentation can be found online, in various formats:

-   doxygen: <http://apidoc.ez.no/doxygen/trunk/NS/html/>
-   sami: <http://apidoc.ez.no/sami/trunk/NS/html/>

 

</div>
</div>
<div class="cell aside" data-type="aside">
<div class="innerCell">
-   [Getting started with the Public API](Getting-started-with-the-Public-API_31430305.html)
-   [Browsing, finding, viewing](31430307.html)
-   [Managing Content](Managing-Content_31430309.html)
-   [Working with Locations](Working-with-Locations_31430311.html)
-   [Other recipes](Other-recipes_31430313.html)

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
<div class="section footer-body">
Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

<div id="footer-logo">
[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

