<div id="page">
<div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
<div id="main-header">
<div id="breadcrumb-section">
1.  [Developer](index.html)
2.  [Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)
3.  [The Complete Guide to eZ
    Platform](The-Complete-Guide-to-eZ-Platform_31429526.html)

</div>
**Developer : Performance**

</div>
<div id="content" class="view">
<div class="page-metadata">
Created by André Rømcke, last modified on Mar 23, 2017

</div>
<div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
<div class="contentLayout2">
<div class="columnLayout two-right-sidebar"
data-layout="two-right-sidebar">
<div class="cell normal" data-type="normal">
<div class="innerCell">
**Introduction**

eZ Platform can be tuned and set up in different ways so that it is able
to run on just about any somewhat modern configuration. What follows is
an incomplete list of performance recommendations that we intend to
gradually expand upon.

*All tips are valid for both development and production setup unless
otherwise noted.*

<div
class="confluence-information-macro confluence-information-macro-tip">
<div class="confluence-information-macro-body">
If you are in a hurry then the single most important recommendations on
this page is:

-   General: Use PHP 7.x, and dump optimized composer autoload classmap
-   Dev: Use a full web server with vhost
-   Cluster: Reduce latency to Redis/Memcached, use Varnish, and use
    [Solr](Solr-Bundle_31430592.html)

</div>
</div>
**Client**

-   Always use an up-to-date browser *(and an up-to-date operating
    system so you have access to latest browser versions)*
-   If possible, use a fast, stable internet connection, a flaky or
    overcrowded connection will slow down UI

**Server**

Overall, for production setup:

-   Always use reverse proxy, and strongly prefer to use Varnish.
    -   Compared to the built-in Symfony Proxy in php it is much faster,
        is able to queue up requests coming in for same
        fresh/invalidated resource
    -   With [ezplatform-http-cache](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache) support
        for xkey & grace provides more stable performance in read/write
        scenarios
-   Set up eZ Platform in [cluster mode](Clustering_31430387.html) if
    you need to handle more traffic than what a single server can handle
    on spikes of traffic.
    -   See recommendation for Memcached/Redis and Search below

**Web server**

-   Even for development use Nginx/Apache, as php built-in webserver\*
    is only able to handle one request at a time.
    -   *\* as exposed via Symfony’s “`server:*`” commands*
-   Use a recent version of Nginx, set up https, and enable http/2 to
    reduce connection latency on parallel requests.

**PHP**

-   Use PHP 7.0 *(or, better yet, PHP 7.1 if available).*
-   Always enable opcache for php-fpm/mod\_php.
-   Prefer php-fpm and web server using it over fast-cgi for lower
    overall memory usage.

**Composer**

-   Keep Composer up to date.
-   Always dump optimized class map
    using c`omposer dump-autoload --optimize` or relevant flags on
    `composer install/update`.

**Memcached/Redis**

-   Memcached/Redis is recommended over filesystem cache even with
    single server, as it offers overall better performance for
    operations invalidating cache.
    -   But pure read performance is slower, especially if not
        optimizing next point.
-   Reduce latency where you can, for instance place memcached/redis on
    same servers as running php.
    -   This is important for eZ Publish 5.x and eZ Platform 1.x which
        uses Stash cache library, eZ Platform 2.x which uses Symfony
        Cache is far less affected by this.

**Search**

-   Use [Solr Bundle and Solr](Solr-Bundle_31430592.html) to greatly
    offload your database and get more stable performance on your
    install

 

</div>
</div>
<div class="cell aside" data-type="aside">
<div class="innerCell">
**In this topic:**

<div class="toc-macro rbtoc1490375998204">
-   [Introduction](#Performance-Introduction)
-   [Client](#Performance-Client)
-   [Server](#Performance-Server)
    -   [Web server](#Performance-Webserver)
    -   [PHP](#Performance-PHP)
    -   [Composer](#Performance-Composer)
    -   [Memcached/Redis](#Performance-Memcached/Redis)
    -   [Search](#Performance-Search)

</div>
**Related:**

-   [Clustering](Clustering_31430387.html)
-   [Requirements](31429536.html)

 

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
<div class="section footer-body">
Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

<div id="footer-logo">
[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

