1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[The Complete Guide to eZ
    Platform](The-Complete-Guide-to-eZ-Platform_31429526.html)</span>
4.  <span>[Introduction](Introduction_31429657.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : What is eZ Platform Enterprise Edition? </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
==================================================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified on
Mar 15, 2017

eZ Platform Enterprise Edition is a commercial addition and extension to
eZ Platform. It makes use of everything that the platform has to offer,
and expands it capabilities.

Enterprise contains a new intuitive, easy-to-learn editing interface
called Studio UI, but also adds new functionalities to the existing
interfaces. The main features available in eZ Enterprise are:

 

**Inline editing of content:**

eZ Enterprise’s Studio UI lets you create block-based Landing Pages
using drag-and-drop. This makes building them easy for editors even with
no web design experience or HTML knowledge, using prebuilt elements such
as headers, banners, image galleries, content lists, tags and more. At
the same time, developers can customize Landing Pages by creating
adaptable layouts and offering their own custom blocks to be placed in
them.

<span class="confluence-link"><span class="confluence-link">[Working
with a Landing
Page](https://doc.ez.no/display/USER/3.+Creating+content%2C+basic#id-3.Creatingcontent,basic-WorkingwithaLandingPage(Enterprise))</span></span>
(in the User doc) describes how to use the Inline editor.

**Creating Landing Pages with customizable blocks:**

You can quickly switch between working on and previewing Landing Pages,
which makes for comfortable editing and better control of your content.

[Creating Landing Page blocks (Enterprise)](31430614.html) shows how to
create and customize you own blocks.

**Scheduling automatic publication of content on Landing Pages:**

Using a special Schedule Block you can set up content on your Landing
Pages to be published according to a custom schedule, at predefined
dates and times. A Timeline slider lets you preview what the pages will
look like at any time.

<span class="confluence-link"> </span>[<span
class="confluence-link">Scheduling</span>](https://doc.ez.no/display/USER/5.+Publishing#id-5.Publishing-Scheduling(Enterprise))
(User doc) presents how to use this block to plan airtimes.

**Content review workflow:**

Flex Workflow is a collaboration feature. You can send your content
draft to any user and let them look through, modify it and send it
onward through your review process.

<span class="confluence-link"> </span>[<span
class="confluence-link">Review
workflow</span>](https://doc.ez.no/display/USER/5.+Publishing#id-5.Publishing-Reviewworkflow(Enterprise))
(User doc) describes how to send and receive content for review.

 

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


