1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[The Complete Guide to eZ
    Platform](The-Complete-Guide-to-eZ-Platform_31429526.html)</span>
4.  <span>[Introduction](Introduction_31429657.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : What is eZ Platform? </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
===============================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified by
<span class="editor"> Rafał Toborek</span> on Dec 20, 2016

eZ Platform is an open-source, Symfony-based CMS. With its modern
architecture and flexibility it lets you customize, extend and scale
your sites and apps with ease. It is built on top of the Symfony
full-stack framework and enables you to tailor your content model and
distribute your content however you like.

 

**Take control of your content:**

Seamlessly deliver content on your site or app and use our fully
featured REST API to integrate content from apps or deliver Content as a
Service.

**Take advantage of Symfony, the leading PHP framework:**

Develop in a very similar way to pure Symfony, with the same templating
system, Twig, the same library for deployment and version dependency,
Composer, and many other Symfony bundles and components.

**Speed up time-to-market:**

Developers who use Symfony can start customizing and extending eZ
Platform right out of the gate. New to Symfony? You have plenty to gain.

**Start with clean code:**

eZ carries a substantially low level of technical debt compared to many
other CMSs.

 

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


