1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[The Complete Guide to eZ
    Platform](The-Complete-Guide-to-eZ-Platform_31429526.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : Bundles </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
==================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified on
Sep 05, 2016

Introduction {#Bundles-Introduction}
============

eZ CMS is based on the Symfony2 framework and follows its organization
of the app. Like in Symfony, where [“everything is a
bundle”](http://symfony.com/doc/current/book/bundles.html){.external-link},
your eZ application is going to be a collection of bundles.

What is a bundle? {#Bundles-Whatisabundle?}
-----------------

A bundle in Symfony (and eZ) is a separate part of your application that
implements a feature. You can create bundles yourself or make use of
available open-source bundles. You can also reuse the bundles you create
in other projects or share them with the community.

Many eZ CMS functionalities are provided through separate bundles
included in the installation.

How to use bundles? {#Bundles-Howtousebundles?}
-------------------

By default, a clean eZ Platform installation contains an AppBundle where
you can place your code.

To learn more about organizing your eZ project, see [Best
Practices](Best-Practices_31429687.html).

How to create bundles? {#Bundles-Howtocreatebundles?}
----------------------

You can generate a new bundle using a `generate:bundle` command. See
[Symfony documentation on generating
bundles](http://symfony.com/doc/current/bundles/SensioGeneratorBundle/commands/generate_bundle.html){.external-link}.

In addition to [Symfony
Bundles](http://symfony.com/doc/bundles/){.external-link}, eZ provides a
set of bundles out of the box and some optional ones.

### How to remove a bundle? {#Bundles-Howtoremoveabundle?}

To remove a bundle (either one you created yourself, or an
out-of-the-box one that you do not need) see the [How to Remove a
Bundle](http://symfony.com/doc/current/bundles/remove.html){.external-link}instruction
in Symfony doc.

Configuration {#Bundles-Configuration}
=============

EzPublishCoreBundle Configuration {#Bundles-EzPublishCoreBundleConfiguration}
---------------------------------

 

<span
class="aui-icon aui-icon-small aui-iconfont-approve confluence-information-macro-icon"></span>
To get an overview of EzPublishCoreBundle’s configuration, run the
following command-line script:

~~~~ brush:
php app/console config:dump-reference ezpublish
~~~~

Default page {#Bundles-Defaultpage}
------------

Default page is the default page to show or redirect to.

If set, it will be used for default redirection after user login,
overriding Symfony’s `default_target_path`, giving the opportunity to
configure it by siteaccess.

**ezplatform.yml**

~~~~ brush:
ezpublish:
    system:
        ezdemo_site:
            default_page: "/Getting-Started"

        ezdemo_site_admin:
            # For admin, redirect to dashboard after login.
            default_page: "/content/dashboard"
~~~~

This setting **does not change anything to Symfony behavior** regarding
redirection after login. If set, it will only substitute the value set
for `default_target_path`. It is therefore still possible to specify a
custom target path using a dedicated form parameter.

**Order of precedence is not modified.**

 

#### In this topic: {#Bundles-Inthistopic:}

-   [Introduction](#Bundles-Introduction)
    -   [What is a bundle?](#Bundles-Whatisabundle?)
    -   [How to use bundles?](#Bundles-Howtousebundles?)
    -   [How to create bundles?](#Bundles-Howtocreatebundles?)
        -   [How to remove a bundle?](#Bundles-Howtoremoveabundle?)
-   [Configuration](#Bundles-Configuration)
    -   [EzPublishCoreBundle
        Configuration](#Bundles-EzPublishCoreBundleConfiguration)
    -   [Default page](#Bundles-Defaultpage)

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


