1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[Tutorials](Tutorials_31429522.html)</span>
4.  <span>[Creating a Tweet Field
    Type](Creating-a-Tweet-Field-Type_31429766.html)</span>
5.  <span>[Build the bundle](Build-the-bundle_31429768.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : Create the bundle </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
============================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified on
May 05, 2016

Custom Field Types follow the Symfony 2 extension mechanism:
[bundles](http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/bundles/index.html){.external-link}.
We can get started with a bundle using the built-in Symfony 2 bundle
generator.

### Generating the bundle {#Createthebundle-Generatingthebundle}

From the eZ Platform root, run the following:

~~~~ brush:
php app/console generate:bundle
~~~~

First, we are asked for the namespace. As the vendor, we will use
EzSystems as the root namespace. This must of course be changed to
whatever identifies you as a vendor (your name, company name, etc). We
then choose a preferably unique name for the Field Type itself, and make
the name end with Bundle. Here we’ve chosen TweetFieldTypeBundle.

 

~~~~ brush:
Bundle namespace: EzSystems/TweetFieldTypeBundle<enter>
~~~~

We must next input the bundle’s name. Nothing exotic here: we
concatenate the vendor’s namespace and the bundle’s namespace, which is
the default. Just hit Enter:

~~~~ brush:
Bundle name [EzSystemsTweetFieldTypeBundle]:<enter>
~~~~

We are then asked for the target directory. We will begin within the
`src` folder, but we could (and should!) version it and have it moved to
`vendor` at some point. Again, this is the default, and we just hit
Enter.

~~~~ brush:
Target directory [/home/bertrand/www/ezpublish5/src]:<enter>
~~~~

We must then specify which format the configuration must be generated
as. We will use yml, since it is what we use in eZ Platform itself. Of
course, any other format could be used.

~~~~ brush:
Configuration format (yml, xml, php, or annotation): yml<enter>
~~~~

The generator will then offer to create the whole directory structure
for us. Since our bundle isn’t really a standard Symfony full stack
bundle, we decline.

~~~~ brush:
Do you want to generate the whole directory structure [no]? no<enter>
~~~~

 

We then get a summary of what will be generated:

~~~~ brush:
You are going to generate a "EzSystems\TweetFieldTypeBundle\EzSystemsTweetFieldTypeBundle" bundle
in "/home/bertrand/www/ezpublish5/src/" using the "yml" format.
Do you confirm generation [yes]?<enter>
~~~~

After generation, the wizard will offer to update the kernel with our
bundle (answer “yes”), and to update the app’s routing with our bundle’s
route file (answer “no”).

~~~~ brush:
Generating the bundle code: OK
Checking that the bundle is autoloaded: OK
Confirm automatic update of your Kernel [yes]? <enter>
Enabling the bundle inside the Kernel: OK
Confirm automatic update of the Routing [yes]? no <enter>
~~~~

Our bundle should now be generated. Navigate to
`src/EzSystems/EzSystemsTweetBundle` and you should see the following
structure:

~~~~ brush:
$ ls -l src/EzSystems/TweetFieldTypeBundle
Controller
DependencyInjection
EzSystemsTweetFieldTypeBundle.php
Resources
Tests
~~~~

Feel free to delete the Controller folder, since we won’t use it in this
tutorial. It could have been useful, had our Field Type required an
interface of its own.

**Tutorial path**

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


