1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[API](API_31429524.html)</span>
4.  <span>[eZ Platform Public PHP
    API](eZ-Platform-Public-PHP-API_31429583.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : Public API Guide </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
===========================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified by
<span class="editor"> Sarah Haïm-Lubczanski</span> on Jun 30, 2016

The public API will give you an easy access to the eZ Platform content
repository. This repository is the core component that manages content,
Locations, Sections, Content Types, Users, User groups, and Roles. It
also provides a new, clear interface for plugging in custom Field Types.

   
The public API is built on top of a layered architecture, including a
persistence API that abstracts storage. By using the public API, you are
sure that your code will be forward compatible with future releases
based on enhanced, scalable and high-performance storage engines.
Applications based on the public API are also fully backwards compatible
by using the included storage engine based on the current kernel and
database model.

About this Guide {#PublicAPIGuide-AboutthisGuide}
----------------

The objective of this Public API Guide is to progressively lead you
through useful, everyday business logic, using the API in concrete
recipes: obtaining a Location from a Content item, fetching a set of
Content items, creating a User, and so on.

For each recipe, newly introduced elements will be explained in detail,
including the required API components (services, value objects, etc.). 

### Suggested tools {#PublicAPIGuide-Suggestedtools}

In addition to this cookbook, we strongly recommend that you use a full
featured PHP IDE, such as Eclipse or PHPStorm. It will provide you
information on every piece of code you use, including objects and
classes documentation. We have paid very careful attention to PHPDoc
throughout this API, and such a tool is a very valuable help when using
this API.

On top of this, generated public API documentation can be found online,
in various formats:

-   doxygen: <http://apidoc.ez.no/doxygen/trunk/NS/html/>
-   sami: <http://apidoc.ez.no/sami/trunk/NS/html/>

 

-   [Getting started with the Public
    API](Getting-started-with-the-Public-API_31430305.html)
-   [Browsing, finding, viewing](31430307.html)
-   [Managing Content](Managing-Content_31430309.html)
-   [Working with Locations](Working-with-Locations_31430311.html)
-   [Other recipes](Other-recipes_31430313.html)

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


