1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[API](API_31429524.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : REST API Guide </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
=========================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified by
<span class="editor"> David Christian Liedle</span> on Jul 11, 2016

The REST API v2 introduced in eZ Platform allows you to interact with an
eZ Platform installation using the HTTP protocol, following a
[REST](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer){.external-link}
interaction model.

Accessing the REST API {#RESTAPIGuide-AccessingtheRESTAPI}
----------------------

The REST API is available at the URI `/api/ezp/v2` . HTTPS is available
as long as your server is properly configured. Refer to the <span
class="confluence-link">[Getting started with the REST
API](Getting-started-with-the-REST-API_31430289.html)</span> page to
start using the API.

Basics {#RESTAPIGuide-Basics}
------

REST (**RE**presentational **S**tate **T**ransfer) is a web services
architecture that follows the HTTP Protocol very closely. The eZ
Platform REST API supports both
[JSON](http://www.json.org/){.external-link} and
[XML](http://www.w3.org/XML/){.external-link} in terms of request
format.

### Resources {#RESTAPIGuide-Resources}

The API provides a set of URIs, each of them identifying and providing
access to operations on a certain resource. For instance, the URI
`/content/objects/59` will allow you to interact with the Content with
ID 59, while `/content/types/1` will allow you to interact with the
Content Type with ID 1.

### HTTP verbs {#RESTAPIGuide-HTTPverbs}

It uses HTTP verbs ( **`GET`** , **`POST`** , but also **`PUT`** ,
**`DELETE`** , etc…), as well as HTTP headers to specify the type of
request. Depending on the used HTTP verb, different actions will be
possible. Example:

-   `        GET  /content/objects/2     ` will provide you with data
    about Content \#2,
-   `        PATCH  /content/objects/2     ` will update the Content
    \#2’s metadata (section, main language, main location…),
-   `        DELETE  /content/objects/2     ` will delete Content \#2,
-   `        COPY  /content/objects/2     ` will create a copy of
    this Content.

Caution with custom HTTP verbs

<span
class="aui-icon aui-icon-small aui-iconfont-warning confluence-information-macro-icon"></span>
Using custom HTTP verbs, those besides the standard (GET, POST, PUT,
DELETE, OPTIONS, TRACE), can cause issues with several HTTP proxies,
network firewall/security solutions and simpler web servers. To avoid
issues with this REST API allows you to set these using a HTTP header
instead using HTTP verb POST. Example: `X-HTTP-Method-Override: PUBLISH`

 

### Media type headers {#RESTAPIGuide-Mediatypeheaders}

On top of verbs, HTTP request headers will allow you to personalize the
request’s behavior. On every resource, you can use the Accept header to
indicate which format you want to communicate in, JSON or XML. This
header is also used to specify the response type you want the server to
send when multiple ones are available.

-   `Accept: application/vnd.ez.api.Content+xml     ` to get **Content**
    (full data, fields included) as **XML**
-   `Accept: application/vnd.ez.api.ContentInfo+json     ` to get
    **ContentInfo** (metadata only) as **JSON**

More information

<span
class="aui-icon aui-icon-small aui-iconfont-info confluence-information-macro-icon"></span>
[REST specifications chapter “Media
Types”](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezp-next/blob/master/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#111%C2%A0%C2%A0%C2%A0media-types){.external-link}

### Other headers {#RESTAPIGuide-Otherheaders}

Other headers will be used in HTTP requests for specifying the
siteaccess to interact with, and of course [authentication
credentials](REST-API-Authentication_31430293.html).

Responses returned by the API will also use custom headers to indicate
information about the executed operation.

 

#### In this topic: {#RESTAPIGuide-Inthistopic:}

-   [Accessing the REST API](#RESTAPIGuide-AccessingtheRESTAPI)
-   [Basics](#RESTAPIGuide-Basics)
    -   [Resources](#RESTAPIGuide-Resources)
    -   [HTTP verbs](#RESTAPIGuide-HTTPverbs)
    -   [Media type headers](#RESTAPIGuide-Mediatypeheaders)
    -   [Other headers](#RESTAPIGuide-Otherheaders)

#### Related topics: {#RESTAPIGuide-Relatedtopics:}

-   [REST API reference](REST-API-reference_31430594.html)
-   [Getting started with the REST
    API](Getting-started-with-the-REST-API_31430289.html)

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


