1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[API](API_31429524.html)</span>
4.  <span>[REST API Guide](REST-API-Guide_31430286.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : REST API Authentication </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
==================================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified on
Apr 22, 2016

The REST API supports two authentication methods: session, and basic. 

-   **Session-based authentication** is meant to be used for
    AJAX operations. It will let you re-use the visitor’s session to
    execute operations with their permissions.
-   **Basic authentication** is often used when writing cross-server
    procedures, when one remote application executes operations on
    one/several eZ Platform instances (remote publishing,
    maintenance, etc).

Session-based is the default authentication method, as this is needed
for UI.

Session based authentication {#RESTAPIAuthentication-Sessionbasedauthentication}
----------------------------

This authentication method requires a Session cookie to be sent with
each request.

If this authentication method is used with a web browser, this session
cookie is automatically available as soon as your visitor logs in. Add
it as a cookie to your REST requests, and the user will be
authenticated.

### Logging in {#RESTAPIAuthentication-Loggingin}

It is also possible to create a session for the visitor if they aren’t
logged in yet. This is done by sending a <span
style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">**`POST`**</span> request to <span
style="color: rgb(255,102,0);">`/user/sessions`</span>. Logging out is
done using a **<span
style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">`DELETE`</span>** request on the same
resource.

More information

<span
class="aui-icon aui-icon-small aui-iconfont-info confluence-information-macro-icon"></span>
[Session-based authentication chapter of the REST
specifications](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezp-next/blob/master/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#123%C2%A0%C2%A0%C2%A0session-based-authentication){.external-link}

HTTP Basic authentication {#RESTAPIAuthentication-HTTPBasicauthentication}
-------------------------

To enable HTTP Basic authentication, you need to edit
app`/config/security.yml`, and add/uncomment the following block. Note
that this is enabled by default.

**ezplatform.yml**

~~~~ brush:
        ezpublish_rest:
            pattern: ^/api/ezp/v2
            stateless: true
            ezpublish_http_basic:
                realm: eZ Publish REST API
~~~~

Basic authentication requires the username and password to be
sent *(username:password)*, based 64 encoded, with each request, as
explained in [RFC
2617](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2617){.external-link}.

Most HTTP client libraries as well as REST libraries do support this
method one way or another.

**Raw HTTP request with basic authentication**

~~~~ brush:
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host: api.example.com
Accept: application/vnd.ez.api.Root+json
Authorization: Basic QWxhZGRpbjpvcGVuIHNlc2FtZQ==
~~~~

#### In this topic: {#RESTAPIAuthentication-Inthistopic:}

-   [Session based
    authentication](#RESTAPIAuthentication-Sessionbasedauthentication)
    -   [Logging in](#RESTAPIAuthentication-Loggingin)
-   [HTTP Basic
    authentication](#RESTAPIAuthentication-HTTPBasicauthentication)

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


