1.  <span>[Developer](index.html)</span>
2.  <span>[Documentation](Documentation_31429504.html)</span>
3.  <span>[Tutorials](Tutorials_31429522.html)</span>
4.  <span>[Creating a Tweet Field
    Type](Creating-a-Tweet-Field-Type_31429766.html)</span>
5.  <span>[Build the bundle](Build-the-bundle_31429768.html)</span>

<span id="title-text"> Developer : Structure the bundle </span> {#title-heading .pagetitle}
===============================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Dominika Kurek</span>, last modified on
May 05, 2016

At this point, we have an “anonymous” Symfony 2 bundle. ** **

Let’s start by creating the structure for our Field Type. To make it
easier to move around the code, we will to some extent mimic the
structure that is used in the kernel. Native Field Types are located
inside `ezpublish-kernel` (in `vendor/ezsystems`), in the
`      eZ/Publish/Core/FieldType` folder. Each Field Type has its own
subfolder: `      TextLine`, `      Email`, `      Url`, etc. We will
use a structure quite close to this.

From the tutorial repository, list the contents of the
`      eZ/Publish/FieldType` folder:

     eZ
     └── Publish
        └── FieldType
            └── Tweet
                ├── Type.php
                └── Value.php

We have the two base classes required by a Field Type: `      Type    `
and `      Value`.

### The Type class {#Structurethebundle-TheTypeclass}

The Type contains the logic of the Field Type: validating data,
transforming from various formats, describing the validators, etc.  
A Type class must implement `      eZ\Publish\SPI\FieldType\FieldType` .
It may also extend the `      eZ\Publish\Core\FieldType\FieldType`
abstract class.

### The Value class {#Structurethebundle-TheValueclass}

The Value is used to represent an instance of our type within a Content
item. Each Field will present its data using an instance of the Type’s
Value class.  
A value class must implement the
`      eZ\Publish\SPI\FieldType\Value    ` interface. It may also extend
the `      eZ\Publish\Core\FieldType\Value    ` abstract class.

**Tutorial path**

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 24, 2017 17:19

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)


